I'd like to introduce you to the new app
hihi display which works by using your
regular and I high on your iPhone and it
connects via bluetooth to your remote
device your iPad you can display the
ipad in many different places such as
your car and you do that by using these
double sided suction stickers which fits
onto the ipad and attach it to areas
such as your car window you then choose
from your I high menu and you scroll
through the messages and they are
displayed on the iPad remotely just
scroll through a few here to show you
come up very clearly and lots of fun for
communicating through the second device
I'm now going to hand you over to Neil
who will just explain to you a little
more detail how to set up my display ok
so to get a ir display to work it's open
up by i display on your ipad and i high
or I high plus on your iPhone on the I
hi you'll see a Bluetooth button the top
left tap on that there are some
instructions and click on connect once
hihi displays on the ipad your then
searches for the ipad and the iphone
shows that there's a ipad within range
click on the name of device that then
says connecting and the first time you
use it you have to accept the invitation
to connect some do now and I hi and I hi
display are now connected you can add
freely click on messages and see that
the two correspond you can pick on
individual ones
and it really is as simple as that if
you want to disconnect personally now
blue Bluetooth button click on the
device and it will disconnect and go
back if you then want to reconnect click
on the Bluetooth button again click on
the iPad name it reconnects there's no
need to accept it this time and you can
go back to displaying messages on your I
high plus i heard you display it's
really as simple as that